Goal:
You must search buildings, gather supplies, and prepare yourself for the night. The goal is to create a self sustaining
community once again. You have six main resources to manage and self sustain:

1.	Health: As you clear out buildings, your groups will be injured. If the group’s health reaches zero, the entire
	group will be lost. If you’re in said group, you lose. To make sustainable you must fortify a hospital.

2.	Food:   Once your food supply has been depleted, your group will lose health. To make sustainable, you must
	fortify three greenhouses. 

3.	Water:  You must find clean sources of water such as bottled water or clean water stored in water towers. To
	make sustainable you must fortify the water treatment plant or build three rain collectors.

4.	Ammo:   You can obtain ammo by searching buildings. You do not need to sustain ammo.

5.	Power:  To gather fuel to power the generators. Without them, you are much more vulnerable to attack. To make
	sustainable, build three solar panels.

6.      Morale: Maintain a good morale to keep your group together and alert. To make sustainable, fortify at least two
        non resource buildings. (i.e. park, baseball field, etc.)

Supplies: As you clear buildings, you will find materials that can help protect you such as wood, metal, and
glass. You can use these materials to barricade, guard, and fortify your buildings. These will help keep you and your
group safe during the night. In addition, you can use the materials to build structures to aid in your goal to create a
self sustaining town.

Every night, each building has a probability of being attacked. If a building that is housing people is attacked, you
will be notified of the people who were killed.

Groups:
The sidebar to the right shows which people are in which group. During the day you may manage a group and switch which
people are in which group. You may want several groups, some to venture the town in search for supplies and some to help
protect you and each other.

Building Modifications:
 During the day, selecting a building with people in it will give you the option to modify the building. There are three
modifications possible: 
1.	Barricade: This is the basic form of modification by boarding up all the doors and windows.
2.	Guard: Next is a crude palisade wall built from scraps of wood. This will cost you wood depending on the size of
the building.
3.	Fortify: Your best bet to stay well protected is to build a zombie proof fence. This will cost you metal depending
on the size of the building.

Clearing:
Each building will have a probability of being attacked if entered. This probability can be reduced by the size of the
group clearing out the building. The hospital is the only building that is required to be fortified and will be the hardest
to clear. 


Building:
If you have the required materials, you can build a structure on an empty lot.
•	Solar Panels: Power is sustained by building at least 3 solar panels. Solar panels cost wood and metal.
•	Green Houses: Food is sustained by building at least 3 greenhouses. Greenhouses cost wood, metal, and glass.
•	Rain Collectors:  Water is sustained by clearing and fortifying the water treatment plant or building three rain
collectors. Rain Collectors cost wood and metal.
Since there are a limited number of empty lots, you must determine which recourses are more important than others. Remember,
resources can also be sustained by fortifying the appropriate building. 

